so this is the fiesta yeah we heard you
took it for a guy yeah thursday and it
lived up to its namesake it was a party
or anything actually did an emergency
brake slide did a full 360 in it the
handle well it didn't flip over it's all
it's pretty cool I like it I think soon
be fun car be great for your first
garlic be even better for just a car to
drive every day I mean the fuel prices
the way they are and I mean all all the
comforts and the quality and the scar I
mean it's as heck I might get one for my
wife again I don't get the best fuel
mileage I'll get the kind of the heavy
book but cool part about this car is it
why those manual yeah this is this
yeah that's fun growing up I always
drove small I had a couple I had one
mustang at one ford ranger mostly we
killed a salvage auction by these prior
salvage Marvel 4-cylinder the old manual
transmission cars I just how many drive
him hard you know I just beat him up and
had a good time close your old horse was
your first car the first car is an 87
Ward range so yeah this would be a good
highlight it's a kind of sporty too I
was telling when we ran it at the de
proving grounds these will be a blast
you know tape up the headlights you know
air up the tires and have some races and
yeah
if you are considering going on fo I'll
they have a rally for that stuff to do
there viewer foot I don't know matt
kenseth native rayon myself a few of
these the middle class that we created
how was it driving on did you guys drive
them on the high screen course and also
the road cord out there drove it on the
high-speed course and their own quest
the road course responded i did my my
emergency brake maneuver on the
high-speed course it was raining they
said they can see daylight under the two
tires but thanks for coming out I
appreciate it thank you yes yeah thank
you guys first it I think